fix: Disable create-reporting-task for NiFi 2.x and document regression (#708)
stackabletech/nifi-operator: docs/modules/nifi/pages/usage_guide/monitoring.adoc

:k8s-job: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/
:k8s-network-policies: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies/

In November 2024, Apache NiFi released a new major version https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/NIFI/Release+Notes#ReleaseNotes-Version2.0.0[`2.0.0`].

> The NiFi `2.0.0` release changed the way of exposing Prometheus metrics significantly. The following steps explain on how to expose Metrics in NiFi versions `1.x.x` and `2.x.x`.

Author: ```suggestion
The NiFi `2.0.0` release changed the way of exposing Prometheus metrics significantly.
The following steps explain on how to expose Metrics in NiFi versions `1.x.x` and `2.x.x`.
```

    createReportingTaskJob:
      enabled: false
----

== Configure metrics in NiFi `2.x.x`

> The Prometheus Reporting Task was removed in NiFi `2.x.x`. Metrics are now exposed automatically and can be scraped using the NiFi pod FQDN and the route `/nifi-api/flow/metrics/prometheus`.

Author: ```suggestion
The Prometheus Reporting Task was removed in NiFi `2.x.x` in https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/NIFI-13507[NIFI-13507].
Metrics are now always exposed and can be scraped using the NiFi Pod FQDN and the HTTP path `/nifi-api/flow/metrics/prometheus`.
```

For a deployed single node NiFi cluster called `simple-nifi`, containing a rolegroup called `default`, the metrics endpoint is reachable under:

```
https://simple-nifi-node-default-0.simple-nifi-node-default.<namespace>.svc.cluster.local:8443/nifi-api/flow/metrics/prometheus
```

> IMPORTANT: If NiFi is configured to use any Authentication, requests to the metric endpoint must be authenticated and authorized.

Author: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: If NiFi is configured to do any user authentication, requests to the metric endpoint must be authenticated and authorized.
```
